I'm talking to you from the inside of AA
complex where the Israeli forces
withdrawed after spending more than 2
weeks inside the complex killing
arresting and detaining patients inside
the complex and after more than two
weeks the Israeli forces with the Dr
from the complex and killed more than
400 people and arrested more than 800
people as the governmental media office
declared the background facilities are
totally destroyed all Al the medical
machines have been destroyed to the
people trying to reach their relatives
who have been buried in unappropriate
way during the
besieging the dead bodies were just
human remains and skeletons because wild
animals had been feeding on them we took
the lifeless bodies to the nearest
hospital it was a hospital we could
actually reach which allowed us to go
back and forth quickly we managed to
rescue a few people some of them will be
to Arab Hospital those people who were
buried were patients and injured people
the background facilities are totally
destroyed also the cars
and the the ambulances have been
destroyed totally inside the complex and
the surrounding area and also in the
neighborhood of ala
complex make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer